This is the GNU TLS library. More up to date information can be found
at http://www.gnu.org/software/gnutls and http://www.gnutls.org

It is a TLS implementation for the GNU project. 
It is currently under heavy development. (and still not ready for 
real world programs)

* The library needs libgcrypt. Libgcrypt is part of gnupg (ftp.gnupg.org)

* Documentation:
 view the doc/ directory and the examples in the src/ directory.


LICENSE ISSUES:

The latest release of the gnutls library is covered under the GNU Lesser 
GPL License, unlike previously released versions which were licensed under 
the GPL. 

The LGPL license (found in COPYING.LIB) applies to all parts of the gnutls 
library except for the "OPENPGP authentication" part, and the "SRP 
authentication" part, which stay GPL (see the COPYING file).  Both of these 
parts can be disabled at compile time.

In order to create a library under the LGPL run the configure script with 
the following parameters:
    --disable-srp-authentication
    --disable-openpgp-authentication

or the library will be under the GPL. In both cases the libraries are
binary compatible. In the LGPL case the functions are replaced with
stubs that always fail.

The rationale behind this license change is that given the fact that other 
free libraries with similar functionality exist, keeping the gnutls library 
GPL would not give any practical advantage to Free software developers.

Please note that in many cases it is better for a library to be licensed 
under the GPL, so that it provides an advantage for free software projects.
The Lesser GPL is so named because it does less to protect the freedom of 
the users of the code that it covers.  
See http://www.gnu.org/philosophy/why-not-lgpl.html for more explanation.


BUGS:

Currently gnuTLS needs a lot of testing. By notifying the developers
about a possible bug you may help a lot, since testing is really
important and expensive. If you think you found a bug,
report it to bug-gnutls@gnu.org, together with the needed information,
in order for developers to reproduce it. 


